The President: Hi
everybody.
I'm speaking with you from
the D.C. Public Library
in Anacostia, where I just
met with a group of promising
middle school students.
We spent some time talking
about their lives,
and how we all care about
their success - and how that
starts with a
good education.
So one thing I announced
here in Anacostia is a new
project by libraries and
major publishers to provide
more than $250 million in
free e-Books for low-income
students.
We also issued a challenge
to mayors, libraries,
and school leaders to help
every student get a library
card, so they can
expand their horizons
in a place like this.
It's all part of our
ConnectED initiative
to connect 99 percent
of America's students
to high-speed Internet.
Because no matter who
you are, where you live,
or how much
money you've got,
you should be able to access
the world's knowledge
and information just
like anyone else.
In a global economy, we've
got to help ensure that
everyone, of every age,
in every zip code - urban
and rural - has the chance to
learn the skills that lead
directly to a good job.
That's also why I've put
forward a plan to make
two years of community college
as free and universal for
every American as
high school is today.
It's something I'll talk
about in my commencement
address next week
at Lake Area Tech,
in the small town of
Watertown, South Dakota.
It's a community college
with a graduation rate that
is nearly twice the
national average.
They're proving that a great
education can be within
everyone's reach.
All of us have a
responsibility to not only
make sure our own children
have pathways to success
but that all children do.
And a great education is the
ticket to a better life like
never before.
Making sure all our kids
receive one is the surest
way to show them that
their lives matter.
And it's the smartest way
to prove to them that
in communities like this,
and in a country like ours,
we believe in
opportunity for all.
Thanks, everybody.
And have a great weekend.